Model **TrafficFlow** encapsulates the traffic flow inside of **Dock** during a certain period. **MotorboatDock** contains of List of these objects. The information if **Dock's Stop** is final or not, influences logic of calculating the count of free spaces in the boat. It is expected that all passengers will get out and every boat's place will be free. For calculating average waiting time of passengers, total waiting time and total amount of passengers are required. The information from TrafficFlow is up-to-date till the next one will rewrite it. If there are only two TrafficFlows: { Time: "12:00:00", ...} and { Time: "17:00:00", ...}, the values from first one will be relevant during 5 hours. End of the day is "23:59:59". The waiting time of remaining passengers at the end of the day will be taken into account as well. For task 2 **Intervals** are calculated for every TrafficFlow. Average count of free seats is a half of the whole count. To calculate how often should boats arrive, is required to know how much of them do we need to serve all passengers. In the task the count of free seats is a constant and does not change itself in the runtime. If this value is more than the maximal allowed amount of passengers in the same time in the dock, the boat should anyway arrive, when exactly this amount of passengers waits for him. Otherwise the boats should arrive as frequently as possible. In the best scenario, the boat will take so many passengers as possible on the board and no passengers will be forced to wait for the next one.